protag.name finds themself awake in the dim spare bedroom of their Kentucky home.
Upon getting out of bed, they examine their surroundings.
protag.name sees a spawn_weapon lying on top of the chestnut dresser.
Pick the spawn_weapon up?
    if y:
        protag.name decides to pick up the spawn_weapon and wield tightly, as if it were important.
    if n:
        protag.name decides to leave the spawn_weapon as is, and move on.

While coming down the stairs, all seems eerily quiet...
Overcast weather was evident through the pale curtains of the living room windows.
However... The atmosphere was not the only thing that carried a pale demeanor.

Lying fetal under the coffee table was protag.name's daughter, Emily.
Softly call Emily's name, or sneak away?
    if call:
        "...Emily"
        Rolling to face protag.name, Emily's face bore tears.
        "Something feels wrong," she whimpered.

        "How long have I been asleep?" asked protag.name
        Emily turned her eyes away, staring up at the bottom of the coffee table as if it were the ceiling.
        The tears pooling in her eyes carried answers that protag.name was not getting.

        Emily starts to emerge from under the coffee table.
        Offer to hold her, or do nothing?
            if hold:
                "Come here, Em. Let's go outside."
                Holding Emily in their arms, protag.name makes their way to the front door of their house.
                Upon opening the door, they go outside.
            else:
                Emily stands up, arms wrapped around her stomach as if she were in pain.
                "Something feels terrible"
                protag.name and Emily make their way to the front door of their Kentucky home, and walk outside.

    if away:
        You slip away, with an ominous feeling hanging about when you find yourself in the kitchen. --protag.name
        Looking out of the window above the sink, it looked as gray as you would imagine.
        A very light fog accompanied the cloudy day, covering the suburban neighborhood.
